Jesus is sweeter, Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb.
Father, tell your son, Jesus is sweeter.
Sweeter than the honey in the comb. Father, tell your son Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb. Jesus is sweeter, Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb. Jesus is sweeter, Jesus is sweeter,
sweeter than the honey in the comb. Mother tell your daughter Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb. Mother tell your daughter Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb. Jesus is sweeter, Jesus is sweeter,
sweeter than the honey in the comb.
Jesus is sweeter,
Preacher tells the gambler, Jesus is sweeter,
sweeter than the honey in the comb.
Jesus is sweeter,
Jesus is sweeter, sweeter than the honey in the comb.